hey you guys I'm chef Michael Symon and
I'm gonna show you how to do one of my
favorite things tailgating
we're gonna amp it up just a little bit
we're gonna go from tailgating 101 to
tailgating 201 just by doing a couple
little things to make your tailgate just
a little better so my favorite thing
when I'm tailgating it's a little cold
outside
I love bratwurst everybody those
bratwurst and there's a great way to do
them when you're tailgating the first
thing I do is I like to poach them and
then I finish them on the grill serve
them with a little bit of spicy mustard
it's delicious so we make this really
easy poaching liquid I take some
jalapenos split them in half bay leaf
couple cloves of garlic right into our
pot and we just chop up a red onion you
could leave the skins right on here
because it's just gonna add a little
flavor to the dish you don't have to get
too cutesy with this whole thing so that
goes in next I like to use a little bit
of Knob Creek ride because it is spicy
like my jalapenos it's gonna add another
layer of flavor to the bratwurst which
is gonna make it extra delicious so we
go with a little bit of the Knob Creek
rye again the better ingredients you use
the more delicious it's gonna be cooking
is really simple like that we take your
favorite beer I like like a wheat beer
would be great here put that whole beer
in and then some water just enough so we
could cover our brats a nice pinch of
salt some cracked black pepper now the
reason that we do this is when you're
tailgating sometimes it gets a little
crazy you don't want to have to worry
that much so you want to keep it easy
you want to it's the kiss method you got
to keep it simple Simon so we put our
brats of the liquid we put this liquid
over about a medium-high on the grill
it's gonna come up to a simmer as soon
as it hits a simmer you could just drop
it back down so they're just gonna cook
through but you don't have to worry
about them overcook so I when I
these brats goal in this liquid once at
30 minutes they're ready to go and then
just drop that liquid down below a
simmer they stay perfect throughout the
entire game if you're hanging in the
parking lot when they're ready and your
friends are ready to eat I just drop
them on the grill and they have now they
have all that great flavor everybody's
done beer raised brats but you kind of
tighten them up with that right Knob
Creek throw a little chilies in there
the onions and the garlic and you just
took them something that's kind of a
classic and you made it a little bit
better we get the char on them they'll
be ready to go a nice bun some brown
mustard it's tailgate time people
you